hey guys what's up Stu shankapotamus and
I want to start off this video by
wishing and Merry Christmas to all my
subscribers all my viewers out there
hope you guys are doing some fun stuff
Christmas seeing your families but on
for Christmas this year I decided to get
you as a present and my gift to you guys
is a new series that I'm starting and
it's going to be called who really uses
that and on in this new series I'm going
to be featuring weird guns and weird
perk setups weird killstreak setups all
kinds of weird stuff that people aren't
accustomed to seeing and I think will be
kind of interesting to see me go like
have like really good scores with using
such weird guns so the first gun i
decided to use um is this right here and
it's the m14 with infrared and silencer
and my sidearm in this game is the
Makarov silenced and on the perks i'm
using our black jacket warlord and ninja
and honestly i come pretty much
completely randomly picked them the only
perk I really picked because I needed to
was warlord to have the two attachments
and this is just so random of a setup
and I just thought it'd be kind of
interesting to see if I could get a good
game with a setup like this and it took
me a while I'm not gonna lie the it's
the m14 when you strap on the silencer
is extremely inaccurate from range but I
never actually have used a weapon with
the thermal scope on it or what's it
called its called infrared in this game
i think in modern warfare 2 is called
the thermal though but if you're trying
to get a good gameplay this is honestly
one of the worst setups you can possibly
use but i think it could be pretty
interesting to you guys and that's why i
decided to use it but on my perks i'm
using flak jacket i think that might
actually save me a couple times because
a not in this game but in like other
games and I strapped it on because the
RCX DS actually can't kill you unless
they actually hit you if they blow up
right next to your fine so it's actually
a pretty useful perk even though it's
like not one I recommend because I mean
have perks like ghosts and stuff like
that
but more on this series I was thinking
on what I do is like this one I kind of
just picked for myself but I'm gonna I'm
gonna continue to do this series but um
I'm not sure if people are gonna like it
so if you guys like this series and like
the idea of it definitely give it a like
in the bottom corner because the more
likes I get the more confident I'll be
that this is a good series to continue
doing and um yeah definitely do that
because I'm a I really i want to just
bring you guys something interesting and
something that you're not quite used to
see so that's kind of why I wanted to
try to start this series in the first
place so the total idea of this series
is for you guys to think of potential
different arm setups I can use their
difficult to use and in this series I'm
only going to be bringing like pretty
good gameplay right I'm not gonna put
any gameplay where I go very bad so you
guys can leave in the comments of this
video what you'd like to see in the next
one and whichever one seems to be the
most popular among the viewers I'll
definitely be trying that for the next
one I mean I used to play this game when
it first came out to get a high KD I'd
used trihard guns and stuff like that I
mean I still put up videos where I go I
have really good games but again then
again I'm using the Blackbird the
chopper gunner the dogs he's like a farm
in silence or something where an AK 74
years like kind of easy mode and I
really honestly could care less about
what my kill death ratio is I mean it's
only a video game you shouldn't take it
too seriously and I feel like this
series allows me kind of just like lay
back and kind of just be chill about it
and not have to worry about going for
amazing scores all the time and you know
it's kind of fun to explore different
guns you have a news before and
definitely makes for some entertaining
game boy but the killstreaks i'm using
in this worry what was it the counter
UAV the century gun and the Valkyrie
rockets and i honestly have no idea why
i use that i just kind of picked them
but um I don't know they're really not
that great if killstreak setups I don't
know why I have counter your diesel
but right now I'm kind of running out of
ammo and all my gun so I thought I
wanted to pick up a second one I hope
you guys don't wanna picked up an AK
here I think and I think in like a
minute or so I attempt to use the
Valkyrie rockets and I don't know if any
you guys use the Valkyrie rockets but I
had a lot of trouble with them this is
the first time I think I ever used them
I saw them in a lot of the videos about
one like the game was first coming out
but I just never really tried them and
kind of hard to control you can you
compare them to the predator missile
from modern warfare 2 we have to UM
funny get the airdrop the man and that's
what i'm doing right we're but we're
kind of like a predator missle except
it's like you're flying straight like
all you have to control the missile I
don't know just I had a tough time with
yeah I think I maybe get one kill out of
it but and this definitely is fun to
explore the different killstreaks
because I'm really not used to using
much else other than like the spy point
when the napalm strike the chopper
gunner black bird dogs those are
basically the only ones i ever use so
I'm just really glad that on kind of a
chance now to use different stuff and I
think I'm gonna try it try to launch my
Valkyrie rocket see I think I fail yeah
I kind of run into the ground so I think
this game is just about over now I think
someone from my team I got it on I
having I'm gonna watch my do I get
Achilles Valkyries here I get one but I
think this game is pretty much over i
think one of my teammates are called in
the dogs maybe another minute left in
this game so definitely on if you guys
did enjoy this video be sure to give it
a thumbs up and definitely leave in the
comments what you guys want to see I'm
open for any be the craziest set up you
could possibly think I've gimme I want
to know the gun I want to know the
attachments the sidearms the perks the
killstreaks just give me a whole like
setup you want me to use and whichever
one like seems the most popular out of
all the comments i'll definitely be
using for the next video and get my PVR
uh tomorrow so definitely the quality is
going to get better this is actually the
last standard definition video I'm going
to put up so again I hope you guys
enjoyed this comment rate and subscribe
and I will see you guys next time dogie
gets the queue
all right bye guys see you next time